ID: TC-01
Preconditions: -
Priority: P0
Type: Functional
Title: Check new user registration in system

Steps:
1. Open https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/ page
2. Click on 'Sign up for OurApp' button
3. Click on Username field, enter valid username
4. Click on Email field, enter valid email address
5. Click on Password field, enter valid password
6. Move mouse over 'Sign up for OurApp' button
7. Click on 'Sign up for OurApp' button

Expected results:
1. Body of Login page consists of following items:
- 'Remember Writing?' text
- Username text field with 'Pick a username' placeholder
- Email text field with 'you@example.com' placeholder
- Password text field with 'Create a password' placeholder
- 'Sign up for OurApp' button
2. Login page is displayed:
- 'Username must be at least 3 characters.' validation message is displayed above Username field
- 'You must provide a valid email address.' validation message is displayed above Email field
- 'Password must be at least 12 characters.' validation message is displayed above Password field
3. Entered Username is displayed in field, 'Pick a username' placeholder is not displayed
4. Entered Email is displayed in field, 'you@example.com' placeholder is not displayed
5. Entered Password is displayed in field, 'Create a password' placeholder is not displayed
6. Button has onhover state
7. Home page is opened:
- Username is displayed in Header
- 'Sign Out' button is displayed in Header
- 'Hello <username>, your feed is empty.' text is displayed in Body


ID: TC-02
Preconditions: User is registered in system. Storage (Local/Session/Cache), Cookies should be cleared
Priority: P0
Type: Functional
Title: Check login functionality

Steps:
1. Open https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/ page
2. Click 'Sign In' button
3. Click on Username field, enter valid username
4. Click on Password field, enter valid password
5. Move mouse over 'Sign In' button
6. Click on 'Sign In' button

Expected results:
1. Header of Login page consists of following items:
- 'Complex app for testing - QA' text
- Username text field with 'Username' placeholder
- Password field with 'Password' placeholder
- 'Sign In' button
2. Login page is displayed:
- 'Invalid username / password' error message is displayed below Header
3. Entered username is displayed in field, 'Username' placeholder is not displayed
4. Entered password is displayed in field, 'Password' placeholder is not displayed
5. Button has onhover state
6. Home page is opened:
- Username is displayed in Header
- 'Sign Out' button is displayed in Header


ID: TC-03
Preconditions: Page https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/ is opened. User is logged in system
Priority: P0
Type: Functional
Title: Check Header on Home page

Steps:
1. Observe the Header
2. Move mouse over 'Complex app for testing - QA' text
3. Move mouse over Search icon
4. Move mouse over Chat icon
5. Move mouse over User's profile icon
6. Move mouse over Username
7. Move cursor over 'Create Post' button
8. Move cursor over 'Sign Out' button

Expected results:
1. Header consists of following items:
- 'Complex app for testing - QA' text
- Search icon
- Chat icon
- User's profile icon
- Username
- 'Create Post' button
- 'Sign Out' button
2. Text is displayed as link. Cursor is displayed as Pointer
3. Cursor is displayed as Pointer. 'Search' tooltip is displayed
4. Cursor is displayed as Pointer. 'Chat' tooltip is displayed
5. Cursor is displayed as Pointer. 'My Profile' tooltip is displayed
6. Cursor is displayed as Text
7. Button has onhover state
8. Button has onhover state


ID: TC-04
Preconditions: Page https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/ is opened. User is logged in system
Priority: P0
Type: Functional
Title: Check creating post functionality

Steps:
1. Click on 'Create Post' button
2. Click on 'Title' text field, enter title
3. Click on 'Body Content' text area, enter body content
4. Click on 'This is a unique post' checkbox
5. Click on 'Select value' dropdown
6. Move cursor over 'Save New Post' button
7. Click on 'Save New Post' button

Expected results:
1. Creating Post page consists of following items:
- text field with 'Title' name
- text area with 'Body Content' name
- checkbox with 'This is a unique post' name, checkbox is disabled
- dropdown menu with 'Select value' name, 'Общедоступное' is selected as default value
- 'Save New Post' button
4. Checkbox is enabled
5. Dropdown list is opened and displayed with values:
'Общедоступное', 'Частное сообщение', 'Сообщение для группы'
6. Button has onhover state
7. Created Post page consists of following items:
- 'New post successfully created' message
- title from step 2
- Edit icon
- Delete icon
- User's profile icon
- 'Posted by <username> on <date>' text
- 'Note: This post was written for All Users' text
- body content from step 3


ID: TC-05
Preconditions: Page https://qa-complex-app-for-testing.herokuapp.com/ is opened. User is logged in system. Some posts are created in system
Priority: P0
Type: Functional
Title: Check searching functionality

Steps:
1. Click on 'Search' button
2. Click on Search field, enter title of one of existing posts
3. Click 'Close' button

Expected results:
1. Searching page consists of following items:
- 'Search' icon
- text field with 'What are you interested in?' placeholder
- 'Close' button
2. Search is started. 'Search Results (<number> items found)' text is displayed in header of reach results list.
All posts which contained in title entered text from step 2 are displayed from top to bottom
3. Search results list is not displayed. Home page is opened